During the project, you'll spend a day in the life of a
security professional dealing with a potential security incident.
You'll leverage everything you've learned throughout the course to
answer pressing questions from your Chief Information Security Officer,
which is usually the head leader of security in the work environment.
Throughout the project, you will summarize and profile a threat,
you'll conduct a real vulnerability scan,
you'll analyze results and recommend a remediation strategy,
you'll leverage penetration testing tactics to crack passwords,
and finally you'll document the actions required to respond to the incident.